Lingo Game in Tamil - PARIPOORNA

Introduction
Lingo in Tamil is an educational game program designed for pleasure
as well as to improve your tamil vocabulary. It is brought to you
FREE of charge by Nalinam Tamil Computing - the producer of the popular
FREE Nalinam Tamil Word Processor. The game is quite similar to 
the ordinary Lingo played in English. It is easy to play and can
give you days of fun and pleasure.

Game Details
   No of player    :  1  (may be played in a group)
   Keyboard Layout : Nalinam Keyboard Layout (Press F1 in Paripoorna
		     to get more details.)
		     Easy to use once you have mastered it.
		     Statistically proven to be the best Keyboard
		     Layout in Tamil. It is similar to the popular
		     keyboard layout of Nalinam Tamil Word Processor.

Instructions
1. Go to the Lingo subdirectory and type Lingo
   C:\> cd lingo
   C:\> lingo >lingo
2. You'll see the intoduction screen. Press enter
3. Type your name in Tamil and enter. Refer to the keyboard layout
4. The lingo board will appear with the first letter printed.
5. Type out your answer. ( 5 letter word )
     a. If all the letters are correct it will give you another board
   	of numbers where you'll be assigned a random number with a RED 
   	background. The board would already have 5 numbers highlighted
   	for you and you'll have your sixth number highlighted and you
   	have a chance to get PARIPOORNA.
      	Points are assigned as follows :
        	 Correct at the first attempt  :  25 points
       		 Correct at the second attempt :  20 points
         	 Correct at the third attempt  :  15 points
         	 Correct at the fourth attempt :  10 points
          	 Correct at the fifth attempt  :   5 points
      		 If PARIPOORNA (LINGO)         : 250 points
   		 The maximum point you can get is 500.
     b. If none of them is correct it will just beep
     c. If any one is letter is at the correct position then
        that letter will be brought down to the next line
     d. If the letter exists but at the wrong position then
        that particular letter will be highlighted in RED
6. You are given 5 attempts for each round. Altogether there
   are 10 rounds for each game. Your game can end if you
   get PariPoorna at any round. At such you may go into
   the fastest time record
7. If you get the highest point then your name will go into
   the champion's list. Your name can also go into the champion
   list if you finished in the shortest time possible
Note : This is the second Beta version. I would like to receive 
suggestions and may be more rules which can make the game 
more exciting.
Sivagurunathan Chinniah
9 - 9 -1995
P.J. Community College
No 21, Jalan Barat,
46200 Petaling Jaya,
Selangor,
West Malaysia
03-7558611(O)
03-7808718(H)
04-4778706(H)
E-mail : sivagur@nalinam.pc.my
